Bug - parisma-access-logout-user domain arg is not required (#22860)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaAccess/ReleaseNotes/1_0_13.md

#### Integrations
##### Prisma Access
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/netmiko:1.0.0.46467*.

> - Fixed an issue where the command **prisma-access-logout-user** did not work properly when stating the *domain* argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the command **prisma-access-logout-user** did not work properly when the *domain* argument was provided. 
```

#### Integrations
##### Prisma Access
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/netmiko:1.0.0.47037*.

> - Fixed an issue where the command **prisma-access-logout-user** did not work properly when the *domain* argument was provided. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the command **prisma-access-logout-user** did not work properly when the *domain* argument was provided unnecessarily. 
```
